SMEDESIGNPRO website design questioner

Business name *

Schools Guide


What does your business actually do? *

Schools Guide is an online platform that offer parents easy assess to search for good schools on our website for their kids.
What do you want your site to accomplish? *

"What's your primary goal for the site? 

Our aim is to have a user friendly website where parents can easily visit at the comfort of their homes and offices and search for any school and location of their choice and have a visual tour of what each school has to aid the parents decision to get that ideal school for their kids.

Do you have a website already? *
Yes

What makes your company remarkable? *

* Our user-firendly website
* Our various packages for schools
* Our unbiased ratings of schools
* Our customer services for both schools and parents

Who are your competitors? *

goodschoolsguidenigeria.com
schoolscompass.com.ng

What websites do you like and why? *

www.schoolscompass.com.ng The reason is that the website is top notch and is user friendly. But I want mine to be far better

Who exactly are your customers and what are their pains? *

1. Schools: high cost of tv adverts, high competition due to the proliferation of schools
2. Parents: inability to assess good schools for their kids. Lack of proper information from schools to aid their decisions to make a better choice of schools for their kids. High cost of fees and low performance from students in return.  

What features do you want your website to have? *


Social media implementation?
Email collection and email marketing capability?
A blog or news feed?
Photo galleries?
A slider banner?
A mobile site?
A responsive site?
A blog or news page?
The ability for people to leave comments?
A quick contact form, quote request or booking form
Customer service icon

How will you record your results? *


The amount of new enquiries you get.
Number of users of the site’s forum.
Number of sales.
Customer’s average order size.
Amount of traffic.
Level of activity on the site’s blog.
Number of social media (Facebook / Twitter) followers.


Do you select a style guide or any existing collateral? 

do you already have online and offline materials created for your business. do select any you already have ?

NO

Do you need a content management system?
Yes

Pls select your preference for which CMS to use?
WordPress
Joomla

Do you have a Google Analytics account?
Yes

Will you have any subscription services (packages)?
Yes
